<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>Privacy-Agrement</title>
        <!--<link rel="stylesheet" href="../Css/Css-For-Privacy-Policy.css" type="text/css"/>-->
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="Css-For-Privacy-Policy.css"/>
        
    </h:head>
     <ui:composition template="/template/template.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="content">
    <h:body class="body">
       
        <h:form>
            
            <div class="maincontainer">
                
                <div class="page-content">
                    
                    <p id="heading">Privacy Agreement</p><br/>
                    
                    <p:outputLabel for="lang" value="Select a language" style="margin-left: 30px;"/><br/><br/>
                    <p:selectOneMenu id="lang" style="width: 811px;margin-left: 30px;" label="Universities"  panelStyle="width:220px">  
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="English" itemValue="" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="Chinese(china)" itemValue="1" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="Dutch" itemValue="2" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="French" itemValue="3" />
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="French(France)" itemValue="4" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="German" itemValue="5" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="Japanese" itemValue="6" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="" itemValue="7" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="French" itemValue="8" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="French" itemValue="9" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="French" itemValue="10" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="French" itemValue="11" /> 
                                <f:selectItem itemLabel="French" itemValue="12" /> 

                      </p:selectOneMenu>  <br/>
                      <div class="iframe">
                          <div>
                              
                              <p id="para1">Philips Privacy Notice</p>
                              <p id="para">Philips believes strongly in protecting the privacy of the personal information you provide to us. We also believe it is important to
                                  inform you about how we will use your personal data, and to give you choices about how your data will be used. Therefore, we
                                  encourage you to read this Privacy Notice carefully.</p>
                              <p id="para1">Scope of this Privacy Notice</p>
                              
                              <p id="para">This Privacy Notice applies to all personal data of job applicants collected or used by Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. or its
                                  subsidiaries (Philips). The data controller responsible for this job applications system is Philips International BV, with its
                                  principle offices at High Tech Campus 5, 5656 AE Eindhoven The Netherlands. This Privacy Notice overrides the Philips Privacy
                                  Notice for consumers that is placed on all our websites at the moment a user enters a Philips-website.
                                </p>
                              
                              <p id="para1">How does the application system work?</p>
                              <p id="para">Candidates can apply for a position within Philips anywhere in the world via an online application system, called “Jobmarket”.
                                  Candidates can create a profile, apply for a specific vacancy, a student position or via an open applicant pool. This information is
                                  stored in the central database of “Jobmarket”, which is serviced by a third party vendor based in the USA. Philips recruiters
                                  around the world will be able to view candidate profiles and match candidates with vacancies within their responsibility.
                                  Sharing information
                                   
                                   You should know that in the recruitment process your personal information may be transferred from your home country to other
                                   Philips companies around the world. Only Philips recruiters and staff of the Philips Talent Acquisition team will have (online)
                                   access to your data. Your personal data will be used solely by Philips and will not be disclosed or sold to third parties. However,
                                   please note that your data may be disclosed to the third party vendor who services the system and who should have access to 
                                   the data within the system where needed to provide its services. Philips requires this company to adequately safeguard your
                                   personal data and not use it for any unauthorized purposes.
                              </p>
                              <p id="para1">How long will Philips keep your data?</p>
                              <p id="para">Personal data of candidates applying for a job will be kept according to local legal regulations regarding personal data. All
                                  candidates are encouraged to update their data when appropriate.</p>
                              <p id="para1">Cookies</p>
                              <p id="para">Jobmarket will send some "cookies," small text files, to your computer. The “Job Cart-cookie” allows the “Job Cart” to keep track
                                  of the jobs you wish to apply for. This cookie will be removed from your computer once you leave the Philips-website. The “Career
                                  Assistant cookie” stores your name, e-mail address and password so we recognize you the next time you visit the Jobmarket 
                                  system, without bothering you with another request to register. This cookie also allows the Career Assistant to store your job
                                  search preferences. You may wish to store your user data and your preferences by keeping this cookie on your hard drive.
                                  Please note that Jobmarket does not work if your Internet Browser blocks all cookies.<br/>
                                  
                                  If you wish to learn how to change your browser-settings or how to receive a warning before a cookie is stored, please refer to the
                                  "Help" file of your Internet Browser. If you visit our Web Sites to browse, read, or download information, we collect and store some
                                  "visitor information" from you, such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol
                                  (IP) address of the computer you are using, the date and time you access our Web Sites, and the Internet addresses of the
                                  websites from which you linked directly to our Web Sites. We use this information to measure the traffic on our Web Sites and to
                                  help us make our Web Sites more useful.
                                  </p>
                              
                              <p id="para1">How will we secure your data?</p>
                              <p id="para">We recognize our responsibility to protect the information you entrust to us. Philips uses a variety of secure techniques to protect
                                  your information, including secure servers, firewalls, and encryption of application data and of your communications with
                                  Jobmarket via the Internet.</p>
                              
                              <p id="para1">What are your rights?</p>
                              <p id="para">Once you have provided us with your personal data, you will be able to change this information. This process automatically 
                                  updates your information in the Jobmarket system. If you would like to remove your information from the database for any reason
                                  you can do so by contacting us via e-mail at: <a href="#">support.careercenter@philips.com</a></p>
                              
                              <p id="para1">Contacting us</p>
                              <p id="para">You may contact us about the Jobmarket system, the Privacy Notice, request a copy of your personal data or to delete your
                                  personal data. You can contact us via: <a href="#">support.careercenter@philips.com</a>  or write us at the following address:</p>
                              
                                      
                              <p id="para">Philips International B.V.<br/>
                                          Corporate Human Resources<br/>
                                           Talent Acquisition<br/>
                                          PO Box 77900, 1070 MX, Amsterdam<br/>
                                          The Netherlands<br/><br/>
                                           Farhan -8088499798</p>
                              
                              
                              
                          </div>
                          
                          
                          
                          
                      </div>
                        
                      
                      <div class="btn">
                          <h:button  value="I Accept" outcome="SignUp-Details.xhtml" style="border-radius: 10px;background-color: floralwhite;"/>
                          <h:button value="I Declien" style="border-radius: 10px;background-color: floralwhite;"/>
                      </div>
                      
                      
                    
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                </div>
                
                
            </div>
            
        </h:form>
        </h:body>
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
    

</html>

